C ++. OOP. House number 11
Ієrarhіya streaming classes. Camp flow. File streams. Processing text files.
Stl. Fundamentals (container, iterator, algorithm).
Container stl: array <>, vector <>.

Seen 2/16/2019

Scam 1.
Make a program, yak Vikonu є encrypt (decrypt file). The cipher is possible with the Viconati key 1 (more than one number).
If the key is encrypted key 1, then the symbol is encoded when encrypting to lock in on the next table. If the key is encrypted pvn 2, 
then the symbol for ciphering will be replaced by a symbol with a code of 2 for the code page.
Interval functions for encrypting and decrypting a file. Result rozmіshuvati at іnshomu file.

Scam 2.
Start a program, yak pratsyu podіbno standard programs Commander Row. Tobto Program Ochiku team and Vicon. Vihon programmers 
Vikonuvati for the command exit abo quit. Real command team:
o create filename (text file, completed input - Ctrl-Z combination)
o print filename (view text file on screen)
o append filename (additional text file, completed input - combination Ctrl-Z)
o copy filename1 filename2 (copying file)
With the introduction of new nevirnoi commanders or of a non-paramount dispatch to the file,
the program is guilty of seeing the secondary branch (“Nevirna team”, “Nevirna kіlkist parametriv”, “Nevirnyi valy to file”).

Zavdannya 3.
1. Move the container array (array <> arr) for 10 (12) numbers. Array proіnіtsіalіzuvati chi zapovniti VIP rank.
2. Make 2 vectors of numbers v1, v2, give me your best friend and half to the arr array, vrdovіdno.
3. Translate the skin application vectors (random_shuffle) and insert the vector on the screen
4. Angry vectors in the middle of a vihid array (v1, v2 ---> arr)
5. Know the minimum and maximum elements of the array. Take a look at your masses (min_element)
6. Enter a number from the keypad, specify the number in the find (find)
7. Skopuyuvatsi tricymetric elements (yak before and after) in the new vector v3 (in front of each other, 
the counting algorithm of the vector).
8. Know the first login entry for a whole number of (yakso є) find_if
9. Viveti index usih elements, multiple 5 (find_if).
10. Zіbrati vse elementi kratnі 5 at the right of the vector (copy_if)
